feat(hmr-plugin): add hmrIsReloaded utility (#1435)
ngxs/store: docs/plugins/hmr.md

    .catch((err: Error) => console.error(err));
});
```

### HMR Utils

> - `hmrIsReloaded` - returns status whether the AppModule was hmr reloaded at least once or more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hmrIsReloaded` - returns `true` if the application was hot module replaced at least once or more.
```

Author: done

Examples:

```ts
import { hmrIsReloaded } from '@ngxs/hmr-plugin';

@Component({ .. })
class SomeComponent implements OnDestroy {

>   public ngOnDestroy(): void {

Reviewer: No `public` :)

Author: done
